c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\WpfApp8.exe.config
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\WpfApp8.exe
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\WpfApp8.pdb
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.g.resources
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.exe
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.pdb
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Window2.g.cs
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Window2.baml
